Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
>>> come on in everybody.
>> carson: Hey, everybody.
I'm carson daly.
It's tuesday -- results day.
We are live.
Say hello to our coaches --
Gwen stefani, pharrell williams
and blake shelton.
>>> it's are good to see you.
Let's talk about last night.
Every single one of our artists
hit the top on the i tunes and
Three were in the top 10.
And we'll see if that was enough
To beat them.
Blake and pharrell will each
Take the stage with their teams.
Plus, you will get to instantly
Save one artist.
But let's kick things off with
Please welcome your top 10.
Please come out.
Top 12 entering the "the voice"
stage tonight on elimination
Night.
Good to see you.
I have a few questions for our
artists tonight.
And we'll get your results in a
second but first a question to
Amy.
Adam stole you in the knockout
And then saved you in the
playoff.
What has adam's support meant to
you, amy?
>> he's shown me such grace and
the thing about grace is you
Don't feel like you deserve it
but it just makes you ask you
Know, how are you kgoing to
respond and how i honestly
Feelality this moment is that
having someone like adam, a true
Hero of mine in so many ways,
believe in me, just makes me
Want to stretch at the edge of
my abilities for the sake of
Connecting to other people
because that's what it's all
About.
>> hopefully you'll have the
Opportunity to do it.
Barrett, what is your nfamily's
Support mean to you?
>> my family's dream is mine.
They're one in the same.
So, this is the -- we're sharing
Them here and really feel the ve
support from the crowd and
Coaches is an amazing thing and
i'm proud to have them here no
Matter what it holds.
>> in my hand is the names of
The first two artists who are
safe in advancing to our top 11.
Here we go.
America safe.
From team adam -- jordan smith
is first in your top 11.
[ applause ]
saved by america's votes.
First coach with an artist
moving on.
[ applause ]
america also saved from team
Gwen -- jeffrey austin,
congratulations, you're moving
On.
Both jordan and jeffrey moving
On to the top 11.
[ applause ]
Unfortunately, the rest of our
artists on stage still at risk
Of being eliminated.
We're going to take our first
Break and when we come back,
another artists will take the
>> just make this pa of the
competition not feel like a
Competition.
And try be as comfortable as
Possible.
Because the moment you treat it
For what it is, you can fall off
the rails.
So, keep it cool, sing your
songs, do your thing.
>> how proud are you?
>> from rehearsal to last night
Was mind blowing to me.
Jeffrey blew me away, i didn't
Know it was going to be that
good and it's so exciting to
Watch them blossom before my
eyes and have some sort of
Impact, so it's all good.
I'm so proud.
>> there's pharrell, nice sun
glass, buddy.
How you doing?
>> pharrell: Doing good.
The only risk they took was
being themselves.
Your only competition is you.
You try to be like someone else,
The best you'll ever be is
second best and i think they
Took that with them in their
performances.
I'm really proud of them.
>> blake shelton, everybody all
Did great.
What do you hope america saw in
Your team last night?
>> blake: I hope they saw that
There's potential for all three
of them, not only on this stage
But after the voice.
That's what i think we all look
For when we bring somebody to
the live is who do we think can
Have a career moving forward
after this show whether they win
Or not and i think all three of
them i can look at them and
Listen to them and envision they
have a career way after "the
Voice" and go on to v hits and
be stars.
>> let's bring out our remaining
10 artists and get back to the
Business at hand on elimination
Night here on "the voice."
good to have you here.
Another question for mark.
If you are saved tonight, what
Other side of yourself do you
want to show america?
>> it was great to show a
softer, chill side last night
And i think what i'd like to
show america is i'm not a one
Trick pony and there's so much
more to me, so hopefully i'm
Going to show them more sides to
me.
>> good luck to you. Maddy, last
night, pharrell said your
Greatest strength is you know
exactly who you are as an
Artist.
How has pharrell helped instill
That confidence to you?
>> i think i noticed a change in
Myself because that kind of
affirmation for an artist is
Really something that makes you
feel like okay, who i am is okay
And who i am is good and that
kind of confidence is what makes
Me want to go out and be the
best version of myself i can be
Every time.
>> excellent.
Thank you, maddy.
In my hands are the next two
Names who are safe in advancing
to the top 11.
Here we go.
America saved from team blake --
emily ann roberts,
Congratulations.
America has voted you into the
Top 11.
All coaches now represented in
The top 11 except for pharrell.
[ applause ]
America also saved from team
pharrell -- maddy davis, you are
Moving on.
Congratulations to emily and
Blake and maddy from team
pharrell and all of our coaches
Now have representation in the
top 11.
The rest of these artists on
stage still at risk of being
Eliminated.
When we come back, three more
Artists will move on pp
plus, blake joins his three
Powerful country artists for a
soul classic.
And later, the instant save.
The live eliminations continue
¶ ¶
>> carson: Welcome back to our
Live top 12 elimination show.
Doulgd fob gud to r
3 f2
olviden ba jar sus temas favorio
With "lean on me," give it up
for barrett, emily ann and zach
And their coach blake shelton.
¶ ¶
¶ some times in our lives
we all have pain
We all have sorrow ¶
¶ but if we are wise
We know that there's
always tomorrow ¶
¶ please swallow your pride
if there are things
You need to borrow ¶
¶ for no one can fill
Those of your needs
that you don't let show ¶
¶ lean on me
when you're not strong
And i'll be your friend
i'll help you carry on ¶
¶ for
it won't be long
Till i'm gonna need
somebody to lean on ¶
¶ you just call on
me brother
When you need a hand ¶
¶ we all need somebody
To lean on ¶
¶ i just might
Have a problem
that you'd understand ¶
¶ we all need somebody
to lean on ¶
¶ lean on me
when you're not strong
And i'll be your friend
i'll help you carry on ¶
It won't be long
till i'm gonna need
Somebody to lean on ¶
¶ if there is a load
You have to bear
that you can't carry ¶
¶ i'm right up the road
i'll share your load
If you just call me ¶
¶ lean on me
When you're not strong
and i'll be your friend
I'll help you carry on ¶
¶ for
It won't be long
till i'm gonna need
Somebody to lean on ¶
¶ you just call
On me brother
when you need a hand ¶
¶ we all need somebody
to lean on ¶
¶ i just might
have a problem
That you'd understand ¶
¶ we all need somebody
To lean on ¶
¶ lean on me
When you're not strong
and i'll be your friend
I'll help you carry on ¶
¶ for
It won't be long
till i'm gonna need
Somebody to lean on ¶
somebody to lean on ¶
[ applause ]
>> carso
>> carson: Thank you coaches,
thank you artists.
Back to the business at hand.
Let's bring out our remaining
Eight artists.
Four artists so far advancing to
Our top 11 as saved by you,
america.
And now a quick question for
zack.
You made it all the way to the
top 12, zack, what would
Advancing in this competition
mean to you?
>> well, i'm 17 years old and to
be standing here with all these
Incredible artist is amazing and
knowing i have so much room for
Growth and being able to work
with blake and have comments
From all these coaches is a
great opportunity and it would
Mean the world to me to continue
in this competition.
>> carson: Thank you, zack.
And evan, you put college on
Hold to pursue your dreams and
music.
Regardless of what happens
tonight, how as the this show
Effected your dreams in music?
>> i've learned that you should
Love what you do and feel
comfortable about the direction
God is leading you in and i'm
doing music no matter what
Because that's what makes me the
happiest.
>> carson: And it's time to find
out the names of the next three
Who are safe and advancing to
the top 11.
Here we go.
America saved from team gwen --
the youngest in this competition
Is a part of the top 11.
[ applause ]
Team gwen, with two artists safe
tonight.
America also saved from team
blake shelton --
Barrett saved by america's vote.
Congratulations.
[ applause ]
>> you did it, buddy.
>> carson: His family, ecstatic.
America also saved from team
Adam --
amy, you are in.
Brooklyn representing the top
11.
Congratulations.
To braiden, barrett and amy,
Moving on to next week's live
show.
The five of you at risk.
>> carson: Straight ahead, more
Artists move on to the top 11.
Plus, pharrell joins his team
For one of his songs.
And for the first time this
Season, you'll be able to
instantly save an artist.
¶ nots
¶ ¶
>> carson: Welcome back to the
Top 12 live eliminations.
Tonight on "the voice" in a
Minute.
In a moment, i will reveal the
Bottom two artists.
They will perform one more time.
Then, when i give the signal,
you will have just five minutes
To tweet using #voicesave and
the artist's first name.
One word, no spaces.
Don't forget to follow
@nbcthevoice on twitter, so no
matter where you live, you'll
Know when the instant save
but right now, a "voice"
Champion joins his team to sing
one of his songs.
With "just a cloud away," give
it up for evan, madi, mark and
Their coach, the great pharrell
williams.
>> pharrell: No matter what
you're going through.
¶ ¶
¶ this rainy day
Is temporary
the contrast
Is why we got 'em ¶
¶ 'cause sun shining through
Is just a cloud ¶
¶ away-way-wayway-way-way
Way-way-way
hey baby!
Way-way-way ¶
¶ so what
You blown a fuse
you 0wn a fuse ¶
¶ well, that
happens to us all
That happens to us all ¶
¶ well, i come
With great news
i come with
Great news ¶
¶ the day could change
Change, change
change, change
Change, change, change ¶
¶ we've all, of course
Been there before
been there cryin'
Fightin' the dark ¶
¶ let good energy
Be your straw
and blow it away ¶
¶ way, way
way, way
Way, way ¶
¶ this rainy day
Is temporary
the contrast
Is why we got 'em ¶
¶ away-way-wayway-way-way
Way-way-way
hey baby
Way-way-way ¶
¶ well, today
The rock star
today the rock star ¶
¶ feels like
singing the blues
Feels like singing
the blues ¶
¶ don't abandon that song
don't abandon that song
'cause the tune
could change, change ¶
¶ change, change
change, change
Change, change ¶
¶ we've all
Of course
been there before ¶
¶ been there cryin'
fightin' the dark ¶
¶ gravity doesn't
mean the earth's
Your ball and chain ¶
¶ chain, chain
Chain, chain, chain
chain, chain ¶
¶ this rainy day
is temporary
The contrast
is why we got 'em ¶
¶ 'cause sun shining through
is just a cloud all
Away-way-wayway-way-way ¶
¶ way-way-wayway-way-way
Everything is cyclical
what goes around does
Come back around baby ¶
¶ everything boomerangs
What goes up
must come down ¶
¶ love is warm
when it's cold
Humility will keep your
feet on the ground ¶
¶ so do your thing
through the rain
If you understand won't
you sing with me now? ¶
¶ this rainy day
is temporary
The contrast is
why we got 'em ¶
¶ 'cause sun shining through
is just a cloud ¶
¶ away-way-wayway-way-way
way-way-wayway-way-way
This rainy day
is temporary ¶
¶ the contrast is
why we got 'em
'cause sun shining through
is just a cloud ¶
¶ away-way-wayway-way-way
way-way-wayway-way-way ¶
[ applause ]
>> carson: Give it up for evan,
Madi, mark and pharrell
williams.
Thank you artists very much.
Thank you coach.
We need to the stage.
Let's bring out our remaining
Five artists.
The results continue tonight.
Wel
welcome everybody.
A question, what's the most
important advice gwen has given
To you?
>> she's built an entire career
On being true to who she is and
she's always told me to stay
True to who i am and
experimenting with my look and
Trying to find the ultimate part
of me that ini want to be and
She's been so great with that.
>> carson: Thank you, corrin.
>> carson: Shelby, why was
picking adam as your coach the
Right decision?
>> how is it not the right
Decision.
I mean --
[ applause ]
he's been such a fantastic coach
And even though he's not in
country music he's helped me
Explore who i am as a person and
i thank him for that.
>> carson: This is it, three of
you will be saved by america's
Vote.
Two of you will perform tonight
For the innocent save.
Here we go.
America saved from team
pharrell -- evan, you are moving
On.
Congratulations.
Each coach new has two artists
moving on to the top 11.
>> love you, man.
>> pharrell: Thank you.
Congratulations.
>> carson: And two more artists
Will be saved by america's vote,
the other two will perform
Tonight.
America also saved shelby brown
From team adam, congratulations.
Team adam, unscathed tonight.
All advancing.
America also saved zack, team
Blake, you are part of the top
11.
[ applause ]
blake's team also in tact
Tonight.
That means that these two had
The lowest number of votes.
Corrin, mark, when we come back,
They'll perform for your instant
save with songs they picked.
¶ ¶
>> carson: Welcome back.
Two artrists on the show remain
and korin and mark hood will
Perform songs and then you'll
tweet to sing one of them.
Singing "signed, sealed
delivered i'm yours" presenting
Team pharrell, please welcome,
mark hood.
¶ like a fool
i went and
Stayed too long ¶
¶ now i'm wondering if
Your love's still strong
ooh, baby, here i am ¶
¶ signed, sealed
delivered, i'm yours ¶
¶ then that time i
went and said good-bye
Now i'm back and
i'm not ashamed to cry ¶
¶ ooh, baby, here i am
signed, sealed
Delivered, i'm yours ¶
¶ yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
here i am, baby yeah ¶
¶ signed, sealed
delivered, i'm yours ¶
¶ you got my future
in your hands yeah ¶
¶ here i am, baby
i'm signed, sealed
Delivered, i'm yours ¶
¶ yeah, yeah ¶
¶ i've done a lot
of foolish things
That i really didn't mean
oh yeah, yeah ¶
¶ didn't i?
Oh baby oh ¶
¶ oowee babe
you set my soul on fire
That's why i know you're my
heart's only desire ¶
¶ ooh, baby, here i am
signed, sealed, delivered
I'm yours, i'm yours
yeah, yeah, yeah ¶
¶ here i am, baby
signed, sealed
Delivered, i'm yours ¶
¶ you got my future
In your hands
here i am
Baby here i am, baby ¶
¶ signed, sealed
Delivered, i'm yours ¶
¶ i've done a lot
Of foolish things
that i really didn't mean ¶
¶ i could be
a broken man yeah
I'm signed, sealed
delivered i'm yours ¶
All right, buddy, your coach is
up.
Trying to get that message out
to america, i'm yours.
Let's get to our coaches, get
comments.
Gwen, stefani, what did you
think?
>> gwen: Your spirit is so
beautiful and big and honest and
I love watching you perform.
That was magic.
Thank you for that.
>> they had to push me on to the
Stage and i have this scary fond
memory.
I love that song.
You listen on the lyric and
You're like, here i am, baby.
>> carson: Blake.
>> blake: Your so much fun to
watch.
I was looking down the line and
every coach, we're just laughing
And having a blast watching you.
You're beating on the stage,
Singing your face off.
You know what, don't think too
Hard about what's happening
right now.
You're so good and, man, the
talent here is so good from week
To week, you never know who's
going be standing up here doing
This twitter save thing man.
You deserve to be here.
>> carson: And your coach,
pharrell.
>> pharrell: Honestly, i'm so
proud of you, man.
You've come so far and the crazy
thing is people are still
Standing up right now.
I don't know if -- i don't know
If everybody at home can see
that but everybody is still
Standing up which is crazy.
Your performance, like you just
Bared your spirit for the whole
world to see and like you said,
They have your future in their
hands right now, at least on
This show.
I can't wait to see -- i hope
America saves you.
What's bigger than anything is
God and the universe hassallred
ea saved you.
So, your good either way, bro.
>> give it up for mark hood,
Everybody.
We're going to keep it going.
Singing "don't know why," for
her last chance to remain in
This competition, from team
gwen, please welcome
Korin bukowski.
3 f2
korin bukowski
¶ out across the
endless sea
I will die in ecstasy ¶
¶ but i'll be
A bag of bones
driving down the
Road alone ¶
¶ my heart is
Drenched in wine ¶
¶ but you'll be
On my mind
forever ¶
¶ something has to
make you run
I don't know why
i didn't come ¶
¶ i feel as
empty as a drum
I don't know why
i didn't come ¶
¶ i don't know why
Student from miami, ko
korin bukowski from team gwen,
Trying to stick around.
Good job.
Adam levine, let's start with
you.
>> that was great.
That is my favorite performance
Of the entire show for you.
I just hear this such an
Improved kind of more confident
singer and it's hard for me not
To feel like -- i don't like to
pick favorites because mark is
Great too but that was really a
touching performance and it just
Shows us that wow, i want to
continue to hear more from this
M
person and you're so
Unbelievably adorable and sweet
and awesome and i love you.
>> carson: Blake.
>> blake: There's something
So -- you're so unassuming about
yourself and so bashful and even
The way you're standing there
right now it's like you can't
Imagine that you're the same
person that just gave that
Beautiful of a performance.
Adam's right, i think that was
Probably your best fperformance
so far and you have a beautiful
Voice.
>> carson: Pharrell.
>> pharrell: How did it feel
just now?
>> it felt good.
>> pharrell: When you just bare
What you have because the rest
is bells and whistles.
What's always here is what's on
the inside and when you're able
To share it so eloquently the
way you sang just now, it comes
Off great.
Congratulations and honestly,
That was good.
I think this whole entire room
Felt that.
>> carson: Gwen, this is your
Girl, she's singing to stick
around, hoping america made a
Connection.
What are you thinking?
>> gwen: Pharrell was talking
right before and you said that
Pufer
perfectly.
That was my favorite performance
you've ever done.
It's so good.
And honestly, i didn't know what
Qu
was going to happen because the
Look on your face before was so
tragic and you were like look at
This voice i had.
Look at her.
She deserves to be here.
I hope everybody votes for her.
She is magical and i just love
you so much.
Thank you.
>> carson: Another hand for
Korin bukowski.
Let's bring mark back out on
Stage.
A big hand for both.
And they're here on "the voice"
in a very important moment in
Both they are lives.
The power is literally
Completely in your hands to save
their lives.
You can #voice save along with
with a first name.
You have the next five minutes
to get your tweets in.
The "the voice" instant save
starts right now.
Good luck to both of you and
stay tuned because in the
Commercial break you'll be able
to see how the fans at home are
Tweeting.
¶ ¶
>> carson: Welcome back.
Mark hood, korin, remain with
Me.
You've been tracking the tweets
In real time.
You still have some time to
Tweet to save one of these
artists.
Let's take that graphic out.
Let's get last words.
Mark.
>> i want to say pharrell, thank
You for everything.
You've found my love for music
So much more than when i got
here and if that's the end of
The road for me, that's enough.
I'm happy, content and i thank
Thank you.Erything.
>> carson: Korin.
>> i want to say thank you.
You've built my confidence so
Much and i'm so glad i got to
sing.
>> carson: Coaches, back to your
artists.
Pharrell, any last words for
mark?
>> pharrell: Look, i hope it's
not the end of the road for you
On the show but if it is, it's
the beginning of your future's
Road.
You -- yeah.
There is no denying your talent.
And there's no denying the
Future that people see when they
look at you, when they watch you
Perform and listen to your voice
and hear and feel your
Intentions.
You have a very strong and
Bright future.
>> carson: Thank you, coach
Pharrell.
Coach gwen, any final words for
Korin, please.
>> gwen: Korin, we're both in
Similar situations as far as
busting out of cocoon world,
About ready to fly and i think
this is just part of your
Journey and you've blossomed
right before my eyes and it's so
Inspiring for me, thank you so
much for that.
I'm so excited for you.
You have a whole new chapter
Ahead of you, so do i and it's
amazing.
I'm so proud of you.
>> carson: Ladies and gentlemen,
The time has come.
One of you was instantly saved
By america and will complete the
top 11.
Unfortunately, the other leaves
us tonight.
Here we go.
America instantly saved ko
Korin bukowski, you are moving
on.
Team gwen, congratulations.
Put your hands together for mark
Hood.
We'll see you next week, 8:00,
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org